= Travel Report

Shows travel requests

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/redmine-misc/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/chiliproject_travel_report]


== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
3. Setup the Travel Reports permission for the Roles who should be able to run Travel Reports.
4. Go to the plugin configuration and select the two custom fields that should be used on issues to track the depart and return dates. Also setup which statuses should be used for Approved and Denied travel requests.

== Usage

A menu item is added to the top menu. On this page is a form that can be used to run a report on the issues which are within the traveling range. The report will match on travel that starts or ends outside the range if part of the travel is within the boundry.

Example:

    Report range:       [============]
    Trip 1 range:          [==]                | Completely within the range
    Trip 2 range:   [======]                   | End of the trip is after the report start 
    Trip 3 range:                [=====]       | Start of the trip is before the report end
    Trip 4 range: [==]                         | No part of the trip in within the report

In this example Trips 1, 2, and 3 will be shown. Trip 4 will not be shown.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

